Now, in this section we will deal with the methods, malloc and free.
Both have been taken from the old C and are
an easy way to allocate and release the memory space on the heap.
But although alloc and free have been around for several years,
a deeper understanding of the mechanisms behind them is important for you to effectively
deal with new and delete as well as smart pointers
which you will hear much more about later on in this course.
We will see how dynamic memory is reserved and used and also released.
We will also look at how already reserved and use memory can be made smaller or
larger by avoiding unnecessary data loss at the same time. Let's have a look.